External Opensearch Support (#3047)
chef/chef-server: docs-chef-io/content/server/upgrades.md

The Chef Infra Server 14 upgrade does not automatically reindex existing external Elasticsearch installations.

#### Upgrading to 14.13

> Chef Infra Server 14.13 supports External Opensearch for indexing. Migrating from Elasticsearch to External Opensearch needs ontime reindexing and reconfigure after upgrade. This process may take longer depending on your server hardware and the size of the node objects on your Chef Infra Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chef Infra Server 14.13 supports External Opensearch for indexing. Migrating from Elasticsearch to External Opensearch requires reindexing and reconfiguring after the upgrade. This process may take longer depending on your server hardware and the size of the node objects on your Chef Infra Server.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: https://docs.chef.io/server/upgrades/#standalone-server useful to give some estimates. Even better if we could provide what the estimates are based off of.

{{< note >}}

> Set the `opensearch['external']` & `opensearch['external_url']` attribute in [chef-server.rb]({{< relref "config_rb_server_optional_settings" >}}) to enable external Opensearch for indexing.

Reviewer: Since this setting is required, it should be presented as a step instead of in a note. Please add example values for the config settings.

Author: Updated as per the feedback. Please re-verify

The Chef Infra Server 14 upgrade does not automatically reindex existing external Elasticsearch installations.

#### Upgrading to 14.13

> Chef Infra Server 14.13 supports External Opensearch for indexing. Migrating from Elasticsearch to External Opensearch requires reindexing and reconfiguring after the upgrade. This process may take longer depending on your server hardware and the size of the node objects on your Chef Infra Server.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Chef Infra Server 14.13 supports external OpenSearch for indexing. To migrate from Elasticsearch to external OpenSearch, you must reindex and reconfigure your database after upgrading to Chef Infra Server 14.13. The duration of this operation will vary depending on your server hardware and the number of node objects on your Chef Infra Server.
```

> #### Steps to enable external OpenSearch
> 1. Set the `opensearch['external']` attribute to `true`
> 2. Set the `opensearch['external_url']` attribute to external OpenSearch url. Example: `http://127.0.0.1:9200`.
>    ```bash
>       opensearch['external'] = true
>       opensearch['external_url'] = "http://127.0.0.1:9200"
>    ```

Reviewer 3: ````suggestion
#### Steps To Enable External OpenSearch

1. Set the `opensearch['external']` attribute to `true`.
1. Set the `opensearch['external_url']` attribute to the external OpenSearch URL.

For example:

```bash
opensearch['external'] = true
opensearch['external_url'] = "http://127.0.0.1:9200"
```
````

The Chef Infra Server 14 upgrade does not automatically reindex existing external Elasticsearch installations.

#### Upgrading to 14.13

Chef Infra Server 14.13 supports external OpenSearch for indexing. To migrate from Elasticsearch to external OpenSearch, you must reindex and reconfigure your database after upgrading to Chef Infra Server 14.13. The duration of this operation will vary depending on your server hardware and the number of node objects on your Chef Infra Server.

#### Steps To Enable External OpenSearch

> 1. Set the `opensearch['external']` attribute to `true`.
> 2. Set the `opensearch['external_url']` attribute to the external OpenSearch URL.
> For example:
> ```bash
> opensearch['external'] = true
> opensearch['external_url'] = "http://127.0.0.1:9200"
> ```

Reviewer 3: These need blank spaces around the heading, list items, and code. Also ordered list items should all be 1, Hugo will give them the right number when they're rendered.

````suggestion

1. Set the `opensearch['external']` attribute to `true`.
1. Set the `opensearch['external_url']` attribute to the external OpenSearch URL.

For example:

```bash
opensearch['external'] = true
opensearch['external_url'] = "http://127.0.0.1:9200"
```
````
